Speaker 1: Hello? Hello? Hi, Suganya. This is Shekar from the Scalars content team.
Speaker 1: Yeah. Hi. Is this a good time to speak for a couple of minutes regarding your interview experience at Loews India?
Speaker 1: Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So could you please brief me over it, like, how the interview went, and how many rounds did you go through?
Speaker 2: So it was four rounds. So first one is Excel test. Mhmm.
Speaker 2: Sorry. Three rounds, I think, sir. Okay. First round is Excel test, and
Speaker 2: second round is kind of technical.
Speaker 2: Mhmm. So it was not fully technical. They were asking about my previous experience
Speaker 2: and
Speaker 2: what do you know about retail and what do you know about Lowe's and these are the things we do in Lowe's. Like, they were saying the same thing. Mhmm. And that's all. Nothing about technical tools like SQL or Python or Excel. They were asking only about the details and what do you know about vendors and their operations?
Speaker 2: What do you know about laws? And what do you think we actually do? So that kind of question. Okay.
Speaker 1: So these questions were from round two?
Speaker 2: Yeah. Round two, which is which is technical.
Speaker 2: And for manager round also, it was kind of same.
Speaker 2: Like, what was your experience?
Speaker 2: And
Speaker 2: explain the situation where you are facing a conflict with your peers.
Speaker 2: And
Speaker 2: also a question, like, external situation where you want to collaborate with multiple teams.
Speaker 2: Mhmm.
Speaker 2: And what do you know about retail,
Speaker 2: and what do you know about omnichannel and
Speaker 2: all these things? Okay.
Speaker 2: So it was particularly
Speaker 2: about our work experience and what do we know about their company and their operations. That's it. Alright. Nothing more specifically into technical. Yeah. So there wasn't any question from Excel or SQL in either of the rounds?
Speaker 2: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker 1: Okay.
Speaker 1: Have you received any status from company
Speaker 1: or from a scalars end?
Speaker 2: Sorry. I couldn't
Speaker 2: Have you received any update either from company or from a scalars end? No. They said that after final round, my profile is on hold. So they actually needed only one candidate for their team, so they actually selected one. And my feedback was really good, so they have moved my profile to
Speaker 2: the other manager for the same role. So I think I will be receiving a call within this week or next week. So I receive an update from HR.
Speaker 1: Okay. Today,
Speaker 1: you have received it?
Speaker 2: Alright. Alright. Yeah. Even tried also, I received an update, and today, I just called to check on them, like, what is update on my profile. Mhmm. Yeah. That's it. So, yeah, I haven't so they didn't reject me. But
Speaker 2: due to the limited positions, they have moved my profile to the other manager.
Speaker 1: Alright.
Speaker 1: And do you have any upcoming interview opportunities lined up?
Speaker 2: No. Not mostly. No. Yeah.
Speaker 1: Alright. When you get any interview opportunity, please make sure to document your complete interview experience, like what questions they are asking and how you are answering them.
Speaker 1: Anywhere you download that, Bird, or Notion, whatever suits for you. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Thank you so much,
Speaker 2: Yeah. Yeah. Thank you so much.